OKTA-1060037-entitlemet-2025.11.2-release (#5823)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/submit-oin-app/main/index.md

    This Entitlement Management test file is built for the BlazeMeter Runscope API monitoring tool. If you don't have a Runscope account, you can sign up with a [free trial to Runscope](https://www.runscope.com/okta) for Okta developers.

1. From Runscope, click **Import Test**.
1. Select **API Monitoring Tests** as the import format.
1. Click **Choose File** and select the **Okta SCIM 2.0 Entitlements Test** file.
1. Click **Import API Test**. In this new test bucket, click **Editor** from the left-navigation menu.
1. Click **Test Settings** and then click **Initial Variables**.
1. Add the following variables with values that match your SCIM integration:
    * `SCIMBaseURL`: The base URL of the SCIM service. For example: `https://example.com/scim/v2`
    * `EntitlementEndpoint`: The endpoint of the resource type. For example, `/Roles`.

>     * `auth`: The authorization token used to access your SCIM API. You can use the same authorization token you used to **Enable API integration** from [Generate an instance for <StackSnippet snippet="protocol-name" inline/>](#generate-an-instance-for).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `auth`: The authorization token that's used to access your SCIM API. You can use the same authorization token that you used to enable the API integration in [Generate an instance for <StackSnippet snippet="protocol-name" inline/>](#generate-an-instance-for).
```

      The following is an example of the Entitlement variable values:

    <div class="three-quarter border">

>     ![Sample values for Entitlement test variables. Runscope initial variables](/img/oin/scim_entitlement-variables-d.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Sample values for entitlement test variables. Runscope initial variables](/img/oin/scim_entitlement-variables-d.png)
```
